1.Yifan Wang 488500

2
    class MyClass{
    std::string my_string;

    };
3.

this address: 0x7fff9d83b3a0
copy address: 0x7fff9d83b3c0


4.
constructor
this address: 0x7ffe482f4d50
string member: hello
copy constrctor
this address: 0x7ffe482f4d30
copy address: 0x7ffe482f4d50
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x7ffe482f4d30
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x7ffe482f4d50
string member: hello

5.
\constructor
this address: 0x7ffd14240900
string member: hello
constructor
this address: 0x7ffd142408e0
string member: greetings
constructor
this address: 0x7ffd142408c0
string member: bye
copy assignment
this address: 0x7ffd142408e0
this string member: greetings
copy address: 0x7ffd14240900
copy string member: hello
copy assignment
this address: 0x7ffd142408c0
this string member: bye
copy address: 0x7ffd142408e0
copy string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x7ffd142408c0
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x7ffd142408e0
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x7ffd14240900
string member: hello

6.

constructor
this address: 0x182cc20
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x182cc20
string member: hello

The constructor was invoked only once.

7.
constructor
this address: 0xf9ac20
string member: hello
foo
this address: 0xf9ac20
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0xf9ac20
string member: hello

8.
constructor
this address: 0x1a2ac20
string member: hello
foo
this address: 0x1a2ac20
string member: hello
destructor
this address: 0x1a2ac20
string member: hello
